Containers for bulk logistics provides a host of cost, flexibility, and quality benefits over other forms of transport. These can be used in road tankers as also in maritime bulk containers. Bulk Container Liners are the key to maintain the unimpeached quality of your product and its safety during transportation.

Why should you opt for Container Liners?
Companies around the country understand that container liner bags are one of the most cost-effective and efficient means of bulk packing. They have many advantages when it comes to shipping products all around the globe.

Liners act as a shield between the products and containers keeping the former dry and the latter clean
Maintains the quality of products and keeps them free of contamination
Comes in a range of specifications and be customized to suit products such as chemicals, food, grains, etc.
Installation of container liner bags is quite easy
Fits with various loading and discharging methods
Provides maximum payload possibility, and minimum residue on discharge
Requires minimum labor due to decreased manual handling
Requires no repair or cleaning costs due to the convenience and safety of single usage
Liner bags are recyclable as they are made of virgin raw materials and thus, eco-friendly
How to Choose the Correct Liner?
Container Liner providers have a range of designs to suit a variety of products, transport conditions, and to fit the different loading and discharging systems. The primary consideration before choosing a container liner is the type and size of the container. The second being the quality of the product and its flow characteristics.

There are many types of container liners available such as Commodity liners, Conductive liners, Fluidising liners, Hide liners, Standard liners, etc. The choice between Polypropylene or Polyethylene liners is also a significant one.

Then there are the loading methods such as belt conveyor, gravity loading, pneumatic loading, thrower, tilted mechanical loading, and top-loading. Discharging mechanisms can be either an on-site discharge process or a self-discharging unit.

Why You Should Always Prefer the Right Container Liner Manufacturer?
Choosing the right container liner manufacturer is vital to your business because the quality of the container liner is directly connected to the performance and quality of your product. If you want to enjoy the benefits of using a container liner, you should select the best manufacturer in the country.

Here are some tips to choose the right container liner manufacturer in India.

1. Look for a manufacturer with a large and established production facility

The presence of a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility along with a testing facility that produces a wide range of liners. It also guarantees optimal performance and scalability from procurement to delivery.

2. A certified manufacturer ensures products of the highest standards

The application of the latest technology in production methods and compliance with the best industry standards of hygiene and safety. Necessary certifications should include BRC / ISO 9001:2015 / ISO 14000 / OHSAS 18001 certificates.

3. Choose a manufacturer with an experienced team

Reputed manufacturers will have the most professional and skilled engineers and technicians. A sound team drives the physical quality control and advises packaging solutions that will ensure efficient loading and discharging and product integrity.

4. Reputed manufacturers follow a stringent monitoring process

Enhanced quality protocols such as third party audit. Employing reputed external quality inspectors is a fail-safe part of the monitoring process.

5. The right manufacturers offer fully customized products

Packaging application solutions that will be completely customized according to the type of product and container. Designing liners that will fit the container size whether open top or form fit, and suit the product such as requiring hot fill film or aseptic specifications.

6. The right manufacturers are also the one with a sustainable product line

Reducing the carbon footprint is an essential part of any organization, therefore, recyclable liners made from virgin and superior food-grade polymers. Being compliant with environmental legislation is an important criterion.

When it comes to choosing the right container liner manufacturer in India, the best tip is to choose a renowned brand servicing the country’s market. Bulk Corp International is the leading Container Liners Manufacturer in India and also exporters of Bulk Container Liner Bags in the region. At Bulk Corp, we are constantly innovating our processes and looking to upgrade the excellence of our products and services. Our aim always remains to meet and exceed the expectations of our customers.

A solid foundation is provided through our team of technically qualified professionals efficient in packaging application solutions. We pride ourselves as an integrated PP Container Liners Manufacturer. Contact us for container liners bags at the best price and quality.
